Drawer: rework section in the Getting Started tutorial (#4005)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/Drawer/Getting Started with Navigation Drawer/00 Create the Drawer.md

To create the Drawer component, you need to specify its content [template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template'). The image below shows the difference between the Drawer content and the view content:

![DevExtreme HTML5 JavaScript Drawer](/images/UiWidgets/drawer.png)

> Wrap the view in the Drawer in HTML markup,. Then, specify a [template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template') for the Drawer's content. 

Author: ```suggestion
Wrap the view in the Drawer in HTML markup. Then, specify a [template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template') for the Drawer's content. 
```

> It is important to specify Drawer's dimensions: [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#height) and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#width). Alternatively, if you implement a UI component inside the Drawer content, you can specify the component's **width** property (see [Implement Navigation](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Drawer/Getting_Started_with_Navigation_Drawer/#Implement_Navigation)) and set the view's **height**. The Drawer's height adjusts to the view's height in this case. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to specify the Drawer's [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#height) and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#width). Alternatively, if you implement a UI component within the Drawer component's content, you can specify the component's **width** property and set the view's **height**. The Drawer's height automatically adjusts to the view's height in this case. Refer to the following topic for details: [Implement Navigation](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Drawer/Getting_Started_with_Navigation_Drawer/#Implement_Navigation).
```

> [note]You cannot set the Drawer's height or width in percentages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[note]You cannot set the Drawer's height or width as a percentage.
```

This tutorial uses the `width` CSS property of the Drawer's nested html element and specifies the component's [height](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#height) property.

> In addition, you can specify the [minSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/minSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#minSize') property to make the Drawer partially visible in the closed state. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can specify the [minSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/minSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#minSize') property to make the Drawer partially visible in closed state. 
```

> To create the Drawer component, you need to specify its content [template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template'). The image below shows the difference between the Drawer content and the view content:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create the Drawer component, you need to specify its content [template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template'). The image below shows the difference between Drawer and view content:
```

![DevExtreme HTML5 JavaScript Drawer](/images/UiWidgets/drawer.png)

Wrap the view in the Drawer in HTML markup. Then, specify a [template](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/template.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#template') for the Drawer's content. 

It is important to specify the Drawer's [height](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#height) and [width](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#width). Alternatively, if you implement a UI component within the Drawer component's content, you can specify the component's **width** property and set the view's **height**. The Drawer's height automatically adjusts to the view's height in this case. Refer to the following topic for details: [Implement Navigation](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/Drawer/Getting_Started_with_Navigation_Drawer/#Implement_Navigation).

[note]You cannot set the Drawer's height or width as a percentage.

> This tutorial uses the `width` CSS property of the Drawer's nested html element and specifies the component's [height](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#height) property.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses the `width` CSS property of the Drawer's nested HTML element and specifies the component's [height](https://js.devexpress.com/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#height) property.
```

> In addition, you can specify the [minSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/minSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#minSize') property to make the Drawer partially visible in closed state. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also specify the [minSize](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxDrawer/1%20Configuration/minSize.md '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxDrawer/Configuration/#minSize') property to make the Drawer partially visible when it is closed. 
```
